Fix contradictory in-memory description in DuckDB profile example (#8930)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/duckdb-configs.md

        s3_secret_access_key: "{{ env_var('S3_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY') }}"
```

This will run your dbt-duckdb pipeline against the [DuckDB](https://www.duckdb.org) file at the specified `path`, persisting relations across runs.

> If you omit the `path` field, it is automatically set to the special value `:memory:` and the database will run in-memory without persistence, meaning all relations will be lost after your run completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omitting the `path` field sets it to `:memory:`, which means the database runs in-memory and all data is lost after your run completes. This means all relations disappear after your run completes and nothing is saved.
```
